fix: Update HowTo in light of worker subnet changes (#278)
citynetwork/docs: docs/howto/kubernetes/gardener/create-shoot-cluster.md

A new pane named *Create {{k8s_management_service}} Shoot Cluster* slides over from the right-hand side of the browser.
Type in a name for the new shoot cluster, and select a region.
Also, select the version of Kubernetes the new cluster will be running.
In the example below, we have chosen version 1.28.7, which, at the time of writing, was the latest supported in {{brand}}.

!["Create {{k8s_management_service}} Shoot Cluster" panel, showing options to type in a cluster name, select region and Kubernetes version](assets/create-shoot-1.png)

> Next, you may accept the proposed CIDR for the worker nodes or type in the one you prefer.

Reviewer: I believe we need a comma before "or" here, and also I don't think I like the phrase "the CIDR". CIDR is Classless Inter-Domain Routing; the proper term here would be "the CIDR network address" or some such.

Now I understand that the incorrect term is used in CCMP, so this adds potential confusion, but maybe we can get away with something like this:
```suggestion
Next, you may accept the proposed network address (in [CIDR notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing#CIDR_notation) for the worker nodes, or type in the one you prefer.
```
What do you think?

Author: Even though I know what CIDR means, I admit I got carried away by the CCMP wording. So, yes, what you propose is 100% accurate, much betterer (sic), and we should go with that.

> ![Accept the proposed CIDR for the worker nodes or type in the CIDR you prefer](assets/create-shoot-1.1.png)

Reviewer: Here in the alt text, I'd say we can definitely use "proposed CIDR network address".

Author: Yes.

> Alternatively, click on the drop-down menu named *Network for worker nodes* and select a pre-existing menu, one with a subnet and a router.

Reviewer: I believe you meant to include the word "item" after "menu" here (or maybe say "item" _instead of_ "menu").

Author: Ugh, no. What I mean is that there's a drop-down menu named "Network for worker nodes" (that's the name of the drop-down menu, I kid you not). Also, I should replace the "pre-existing menu" with "pre-existing network". I'll modify the whole sentence.

![Select a pre-existing network](assets/create-shoot-1.2.png)

> Then, define a new subnet for the worker nodes by typing in a CIDR.
> If the new CIDR defines a subnet that overlaps with one of the subnets of the network you just selected, you will see an error message in red.

Reviewer: Again, the "a CIDR" problem. And I believe we can condense the second sentence a bit:
```suggestion
Then, define a new subnet for the worker nodes by typing in a CIDR network address.
If the new subnet overlaps with one of the subnets of the network you just selected, you will see an error message in red.
```

A new pane named *Create {{k8s_management_service}} Shoot Cluster* slides over from the right-hand side of the browser.
Type in a name for the new shoot cluster, and select a region.
Also, select the version of Kubernetes the new cluster will be running.
In the example below, we have chosen version 1.28.7, which, at the time of writing, was the latest supported in {{brand}}.

!["Create {{k8s_management_service}} Shoot Cluster" panel, showing options to type in a cluster name, select region and Kubernetes version](assets/create-shoot-1.png)

Next, you may accept the proposed network address (in [CIDR notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing#CIDR_notation)) for the worker nodes, or type in the one you prefer.

![Accept the proposed CIDR network address for the worker nodes or type in the CIDR network address you prefer](assets/create-shoot-1.1.png)

Alternatively, click on the drop-down menu at the right-hand side of "Network for worker nodes".

> From the available menu items select a pre-existing network -- as long as it has a subnet and a router.

Reviewer: This still sounds a bit clumsy to me. How about this:
```suggestion
From the available menu items, choose a pre-existing network.
Be sure to select one that has an assigned subnet, and is connected to a router.
```

Author: Betterer, yes!
